
You exude creative, exciting nonchalance. I loved your opening day presentation. I've enjoyed being in checkins with you and how excited you get about your programming days. I also really appreciated your compliments about my presentation at the open house. Thanks for all the behind-the scenes work you do - I'm so excited about the research center, and really sad to be leaving before it really gets off the ground.



Thank you for making Recurse Center something that exists in this universe! There is much that I have learned from being here not just programming. I am glad that you try to stay in touch with each and every Recurser.



It's been great working alongside you this summer! As I've ventured into the world of web development, I have a newfound respect for the level of effort you've put into all the RC resources. The Recurse Center was an amazing experience, and I'm excited to be a part of this community!



Thank you for being so enthusiastic and approachable. Thank you for defining the well-actually.

Thank you and everyone for the social rules.

I hope whatever pipe dreams you have for RC's place in the world come true.




Hey David! We didn't particularly talk much, but I was really impressed with your programming exploits and learning about how much mileage you would get out of your allotted programming time at RC. I'm not sure what your plans are with/after RC, but I'm sure you'll do awesome. Thanks for making RC awesome.



Have I mentioned how thankful I am for the electronics kit? I'm not sure. I want to make it really clear how grateful I am for the electronics kit =)
Apart from that, I think the work that you all are doing here is freaking beautiful and I'm so glad that RC can even exist as a sustainable thing. I never would've believed it before seeing it for myself, and I'm not sure how you all are pulling it off, but congrats and thank you for this invaluable experience!



David, thanks for being so friendly all of the time. It was always a nice familiar thing to hear you greeting people on their way in each morning. It was also really helpful being in your checkin group one week when you encouraged me to talk to a facilitator for more guidance on what to do. I was especially touched by your speech on the first day about welcoming each of us no matter what we are working on, it really hit me the second time I heard it. Thank you!

To all of the faculty: You each make this such an amazing place. It's been incredible being somewhere in which inclusivity is assumed, it doesn't feel like it has to be earned. It's also amazing to be at a place where it feels like the faculty are truly introspective and open to change in order to discover how to make the best learning environment possible. Thank you so much for letting me join such an amazing group of people it's been one of the best experiences I have ever had, something that will positively influence me for the rest of my life, and I know it's the result of an immense amount of work from you all. Thank you for everything.


Dave, thank you so much for giving me the opportunity to work at RC for three months and to become a member of this community. I don't have the words ready to describe what this meant, so I'll just say it again: Thank you.

