I really appreciate how you gently encourage me and everyone to think things through fully and clearly, and to choose best possible solutions. You manage to do so calmly and wittily, which discourages defensiveness. I also really admire the dedication you've put into learning how beginners learn. Thanks for helping me articulate goals for my first big project at RC, where I was still ambling around, uncertain what to do with this unconstrained freedom. 
Your projects are fascinating indeed! I am glad you are helping bring new programmers into the programming community in such creative ways!

Mary,

Thank you so much for all your help on my projects while at RC. You were always very patient and kind, and I learned a lot from you.

Thanks!
You are a lifesaver! It seems like every time I ran your direction with an issue, I left able to breathe again. Thank you for your patience and willingness to dive into the basics. You did an amazing job with making sure I understood every time!
Thank you for helping all the people who need help. That's a lot of help.

I have huge respect for the effort it takes to be helping people all day. By making it such a educational and welcoming place for people of all experience levels, you make RC what it is.

RC wouldn't work without facilitators and it's been a wonderful.

Thanks for answering so many doubts I had and for giving me code review , It was really helpful. I hope you can keep helping more recursers to improve their coding ability. Good luck with everything

Hey Mary! I don't think we talked much, but I just wanted to say that your presentations and the videos I could find of your work on youtube were absolutely awesome. Your dedication to teaching programming is awesome saw your post on free guidance on HN, and I'm sure you'll do awesome at whatever your programming ambitions are.
I can't remember if it was the first week or not, but at some point early on in my batch you asked me about my cryptographic interests, specifically lattice-based cryptography, and were patient enough to let me walk through one of the problems on which lattice cryptosystems are based. That really meant a lot to me and helped get me excited about sharing my interests with others, since I was sort of despairing of having anything to bring to the RC table. I'm continually impressed by the work you do and have done, especially your recent outreach and education efforts. I hope they're fruitful! Best of luck in the future and MATCHING GOLD DRESSES FOR EVERYONE.

Mary - I can't believe I went the whole batch without working with you but it just happened I was doing IOS only and would periodically bother Tom about Objective-C. I wanted to thank you for being such a positive and helpful presence in the space - you definitely influenced my coming here, I really enjoyed your blog post on functional programming and was directed to you before even hearing about Hacker School as an amazing programmer to follow online. Thank you so much!

To all of the faculty: You each make this such an amazing place. It's been incredible being somewhere in which inclusivity is assumed, it doesn't feel like it has to be earned. It's also amazing to be at a place where it feels like the faculty are truly introspective and open to change in order to discover how to make the best learning environment possible. Thank you so much for letting me join such an amazing group of people - it's been one of the best experiences I have ever had, something that will positively influence me for the rest of my life, and I know it's the result of an immense amount of work from you all. Thank you for everything. 

Mary, thanks so much for your advice on how to get the most out of RC. It was amazing how different it was to hear again half way through the batch. I hope to continue applying it as time goes on.

Mary! You were so helpful for rubber-ducking and helping me understand how to javascript. All your contributions to making RC a comfortable and welcoming place were so so important. Thanks for everything!
