Thanks for being part of my Chipotle lunch group on day 1 at RC, when I was still pretty down on NYC and its dirty parks filled with pigeons. I've especially enjoyed reading your blog posts, I've even sent some of what you've written on organizational development to friends in the non-tech non-profit world. Thanks for your calm demeanor, and your passion for RC's self-driven learning model. Before I got to RC, I thought I was primarily a reward-driven learner, and I've found myself having shifted primary education motivation forces as an adult. That wouldn't have happened without RC.
Thank you for making Recurse Center exist!


This summer has been an incredible experience. Thanks for all you do to make RC the amazing place that it is!
Somehow you all crafted these remarkable extremes. I've learned so much here personally, and now have this world to depend on professionally. Yet I feel bitter sweet about it being something I am just passing through.

RC is a space that I feel extremely loyal to. I hope it grows into an institution that outlasts us all.

Keep experimenting.


Hey Nick! I don't think we talked much, but I always appreciated the level of thought and care you put into RC. It was clear from even your opening speech, that while RC is incredibly chaotic and free from regulation, that it was very well crafted with an intent to improve programmers. It was also equally clear that you had a big part in making that happen. Thanks so much for even making something like this a possibility.
You are doing a wonderful thing here and I'm so immensely appreciative of your vision and your work. RC has not only made me a better programmer, but I'd like to think a better person. I wish I could stay here forever to continue learning from fabulous people, but I guess Zulip will have to suffice! Thanks for all that you do in helping programmers develop and find their paths!

Nick, I really enjoyed having you in our checkins. It's amazing that no matter how busy you get you're always there listening intently to presentations on what people are working on. And you always seem equally excited for someone doing something complicated versus someone working on something simple. Thanks for making this such an amazing place to learn.

To all of the faculty: You each make this such an amazing place. It's been incredible being somewhere in which inclusivity is assumed, it doesn't feel like it has to be earned. It's also amazing to be at a place where it feels like the faculty are truly introspective and open to change in order to discover how to make the best learning environment possible. Thank you so much for letting me join such an amazing group of people it's been one of the best experiences I have ever had, something that will positively influence me for the rest of my life, and I know it's the result of an immense amount of work from you all. Thank you for everything. 

Nick, thank you so much for giving me the opportunity to work at RC for three months and to become a member of this community. I don't have the words ready to describe what this meant, so I'll just say it again: Thank you.

RC has been so so important to me, and your role in creating and maintaining the space and the culture of RC is so key to that! Thanks for everything!


The work you've done in creating maintaining the intensional space is really amazing. It's been such a pleasure, delight, and discovery to spend 12 weeks here. I'll miss it, but hopefully carry it out with me. RC really isn't like other places, and I'm thankful for it.