Thank you for making everything happen. For feeding us and always labeling the veggie friendly food and restocking the communal coffee. For sharing the best gifs and emojis on zulip and telling the best bubbe stories and poking around terminals at the NYSE with me. You've made everything about recurse center logistically easy for me, and I know that it takes way more work than it looks to from the outside.
Many thanks for helping make RC be a thing! 


RC has been an incredible experience. Thank you so much for organizing amazing speakers and facilitators, throwing great game nights, and keeping RC running!
You keep all the balls rolling.

You are true expert in the art of the cat gif.

You contribute so much energy that we depend on. Moving social gears especially helps the people like me who find it hard to find their feet.

Your general attitude in infectious and sometimes I felt like you were rallying us all.


Hi Rachel! The amount of social things that you get us uncooperative, mostly introverted programmers to do, is honestly really impressive. You were always super nice and I think you are one of the most underappreciated people at RC. I hope things work out in whatever you pursue in and after RC. Thanks for making my batch awesome.
Thanks for being terrible at pool with me. I recognize that you could've totally sharked me at any moment and that all that was holding you back was sympathy for my plight, and I appreciate that. More significantly, thank you so much for making the Recurse Center the amazing place that it is to learn and play and interact with stellar people. I can only imagine that it takes a lot of food, booze, creativity and coordination to foster the kind of environment I've enjoyed here. Thank you for that! 

Rachel  Thank you for being such a support to us all for EVERYTHING!!! Seriously, you never ceased being helpful or available since day one. You're also so easy to talk to and make everyone feel comfortable and at home here at RC. Art night was one of my most favorite things here!! I'm so glad we got to nerd/draw it up with the cat skull. Thank you so much!

To all of the faculty: You each make this such an amazing place. It's been incredible being somewhere in which inclusivity is assumed, it doesn't feel like it has to be earned. It's also amazing to be at a place where it feels like the faculty are truly introspective and open to change in order to discover how to make the best learning environment possible. Thank you so much for letting me join such an amazing group of people - it's been one of the best experiences I have ever had, something that will positively influence me for the rest of my life, and I know it's the result of an immense amount of work from you all. Thank you for everything. 
When I was in people ops, what I most wished was that people would see how hard I was working to make the place look like it ran itself. I see how hard you work. Thank you for everything!
Rachel you are excellent. Thanks so much for all the snacks and GoT trivia and games and art and and and. I hope you feel as appreciated as you are.
