Thank you for enlivening every conversation you are a part of. You're an amazing storyteller, and you make everyone who's talking to you, or in a group with you, feel at ease. Thanks for being honest about job prospects and optimistic in the face of all our collective job anxieties. Thanks for working so hard to bring amazing companies on board, and for working to make it easy for us to be in contact with them.
Thank you for helping make Recurse Center possible! You are fun and quite the motivated individual!

Sonali,

I didn't get to interact with you very much during my batch, but whenever you did, I always enjoyed it. I find your personality to be very enjoyable to be around.

Thank you so much for all of your work at RC, I really enjoyed the job fair I attended.
RC has been an incredible experience! Thank you for all you do with organizing the recruiting events the floor of the NYSE!!!!!!, keeping us focused on projects, and advising on career paths. Well, and everything else you do too! You have a knack for putting others at ease and pulling us all into the conversation. Thank you. 
I don't understand how you have time to do what you do. But I've very glad that you do it.

I really admire that you would rather shut RC down than start charging for it if you had to. I totally agree that it's critical to the atmosphere that it's accessible.

The focus on diversity in all aspects is critical to why I enjoyed RC so much. It's the main reason I came here.

It's working.

Thank you so much for organizing the job fairs and events throughout our batch! I also really appreciate the advice you gave me about internships, my resume, and all those very intimidating aspects of the job search. The fact that you are so willing to help especially because I'm a college student who can't help RC get recruiting fees never ceases to amaze me!
Hi Sonali! Aside from saying the trivial thanks for jobs stuff, I just wanted to say thank you for doing something that RC couldn't really support itself without. Meeting with so many people, dealing with companies, organizing events, encouraging and crafting job applications, its honestly an incredible amount of in my opinion thankless and really frustrating, annoying work. Thank you so much for doing it, and making RC an incredible place. RC just wouldn't be the same without you.
I love your pragmatic yet passionate approach to work and life. I have a lot of respect for your strength of character and apparent self-confidence, and I'm so glad that RC has someone like you behind the wheel. I don't think it would be the amazing community that it is without you fighting to protect its principles. You do amazing, important work. Thank you for everything that you've done to help us transition into the next phase of our careers, and for everything that you do every day to keep the lights on!!

Sonali, I knew from the pic-nic before my batch you would be one of my most favorite people here, from day one you have been so approachable and easy to talk to. Our talk mid-batch about working on smaller projects and talking to other RC'ers was so helpful. Thank you also for dramatically shaping up my resume too. You really make me feel like I can make this stuff a reality and begin working as a developer very soon. Thank you for all of your support. 

To all of the faculty: You each make this such an amazing place. It's been incredible being somewhere in which inclusivity is assumed, it doesn't feel like it has to be earned. It's also amazing to be at a place where it feels like the faculty are truly introspective and open to change in order to discover how to make the best learning environment possible. Thank you so much for letting me join such an amazing group of people - it's been one of the best experiences I have ever had, something that will positively influence me for the rest of my life, and I know it's the result of an immense amount of work from you all. Thank you for everything. 
Sonali, thank you so much for your support and your wisdom. I don't know if you remember our first phone call, way back in March, after Marc introduced us. You were kind, funny, and very convincing. Thank you so so much for everything you have done and will do.
Sonali you are an impressive human being. Relentless pushing to help us all out with jobs. No nonsense advice for all kinds of bureaucratic encounters. I especially enjoyed chatting about lifestyle and atmosphere differences between the US, Canada, and faraway places we might call home. Please keep being great.


Sonali! RC is such an important place, and sort of changed my life. Thank you for creating and maintaining this place, and everything you do to make tech a better place to be trans, a woman, queer, a person of color, or other marginalized identities.

It's so so important, and huge part of the reason why RC has been such a welcoming and lovely place.
