Thanks for your effusive, excitable approach to every problem I've come to you with and I know there have been a lot of those!. And thanks also for encouraging me to figure out how to fix things on my own, rather than just relying on you, and for pressing me to take on projects outside of my comfort zone. Thanks for helping me find abstractions by wading through the mud of not having them rather than prescribing best practices for types of abstractions. Thanks for being there to talk to about jumping in lakes and going for runs, as much as tty's and Python oddities. While you've talked about being emotionally ready to move on, and not as present as you'd like to be, I haven't felt that from you at all.
Thank you so much for helping me with my time-management, program organization, and compiler! You are very involved with RC and I appreciate all that you do for the space.

Tom,

You are a large part of the reason my RC experience was amazingly positive. I'm usually pretty shy about asking for help, and you always made me feel comfortable and positive about the bugs in my program and my progress at RC. I learned a lot from you when we paired  you helped me, and you very always patient and kind.

Thank you so much for everything, and I hope you land somewhere great after your time at RC comes to a close.
A huge thanks to you, Tom, for being an incredible facilitator! I really appreciate your endless enthusiasm and encouragement no matter the size of the project. Thank you for all your help learning, refactoring, and untangling throughout the batch.
You are a role model. As a facilitator you were the epitome of what an RC community member could be, and could take out into the world. The enthusiasm for ideas, and the friendliness towards others. You also have a very comforting and reassuring smile.

I'm sad that you ran out of emotional energy to keep making friends and saying goodbye to them every 3 months. Now that I'm never graduating I am falling apart in grief, so I totally understand.

Good luck with your new endeavours and may our paths cross again.

Thanks Tom for helping me whenever I have doubts and for talking about what should I do when I wasn't sure what project should I do, I know you are going to find the best job
Thank you for always being so open to help! In the beginning of my batch I wasn't sure how to make good use of my time but the fact that you organized the Git workshop, job prep stuff, and kept tons of code review sessions up on the booker really helped me to get organized!
Hey Tom! I don't really know where to begin, but I just wanted to say thanks for being so awesome and helpful. Answering one of my first questions in a really awesome but cryptic way you responded: What do you mean Python 'goes from' Python to C/C++? led me on an incredible path learning about Python's internals, writing a compiler using LLVM and becoming a better programmer in the process. If you told me I would do any of that stuff before RC, I would be dumbfounded. Thanks so much for being so friendly and nice, and I hope you keep in touch/report back to zulip with your crazy post-RC exploits!

Tom, I really enjoyed working with you - I wish I had done it much more. You are so approachable and have such a kind demeanor, you really made me feel so much more comfortable here. You really make learning about anything exciting, it's really amazing. Thank you for all of your help and for your willingness to help me in Objective-C and Swift. You're the facilitator's facilitator!

To all of the faculty: You each make this such an amazing place. It's been incredible being somewhere in which inclusivity is assumed, it doesn't feel like it has to be earned. It's also amazing to be at a place where it feels like the faculty are truly introspective and open to change in order to discover how to make the best learning environment possible. Thank you so much for letting me join such an amazing group of people - it's been one of the best experiences I have ever had, something that will positively influence me for the rest of my life, and I know it's the result of an immense amount of work from you all. Thank you for everything.

Well, Tom, I don't really know what to say. Thank you for your kindness, your patience; thank you for never making me feel stupid or excluded. The next company you work for will be very lucky. I hope our paths cross again one day. <3

Tom you are just so great! I enjoyed so much asking you for help, and hearing your insight in how to do fun things with Python. Having you as a facilitator was a big part of making RC a productive and interesting place to be these last three months.

Not many people can explanations that are super rigorous and technical while also being approachable and understandable. I appreciated so much your abilities to make things super understandable and present them in a fun way! I loved learning about weird terminal things and hearing about web frameworks and all the Python nerdery.

The RC community will miss you so! We're all wishing you so much luck in whatever comes next. <3 <3
Getting to nerd out with you on bits of UNIX stuff was really fun. I'll miss it, and especially because if I visit again, you won't be here. I hope your next step is good. You've got so many friends, and I'm really happy to be one of them. (We are friends, right?)