You're basically always in the cave or offsite coding. So I'm sure you're behind much of the awesome internet infrastructure that is part and parcel of what makes recurse center so great. Also, thanks for interviewing me! That first conversation was what sealed the deal for me in knowing that I wanted to put my life on hold for 3 months to come.
Thanks for making everything behind the scenes at RC work!


The Recurse Center was an amazing experience, and I'm excited to be a part of this community! Thanks for all you do to keep it up and running. 

Thank you for making all the tech work. It is easy to miss how important these things are operationally.

Just, thank you for RC. RC has changed my life for the better.

Thanks Zach for helping me with my doubts about Om, You were very helpful and friendly. Good luck with everything

Hey Zach! I don't think we talked much if at all, but I wanted to say I was really impressed with how hard and under-appreciated you worked to make RC more awesome. Seeing you constantly working throughout the day to make RC a better place inspired me to work that much harder on my own projects. Best of luck with everything.
Thank you for all the work you do to keep RC running and ensure it's the wonderful experience that it is. I'm regularly amazed that you all manage to pull this off with such a small team, and I can only imagine that your success so far is indicative of sheer awesomeness on all of your parts. Good luck in the future and know that I'm sincerely appreciate of all you've done to help so many of us change our career paths and change our lives!

Zach, I just wanted to thank you for all you do here at RC! I was so nervous about my first interview and you were so easy to talk to and made me feel at ease. Thank you for making me feel like I could be a part of this great community. 

To all of the faculty: You each make this such an amazing place. It's been incredible being somewhere in which inclusivity is assumed, it doesn't feel like it has to be earned. It's also amazing to be at a place where it feels like the faculty are truly introspective and open to change in order to discover how to make the best learning environment possible. Thank you so much for letting me join such an amazing group of people - it's been one of the best experiences I have ever had, something that will positively influence me for the rest of my life, and I know it's the result of an immense amount of work from you all. Thank you for everything. 
Aside from lunch once really early on, we pretty much never interacted. But your work on the Recurse Center softwares is really great. I just saw the job interface for the first time, and wow attention to detail for an internal tool! Community is great too, and it really gives a place for the RC community to live on after never graduating. Joining them soon, I'll just say thanks in advance.